# Privacy Policy

Last updated: November 10, 2025

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We don't collect or use Your Personal data at all. 

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words whose initial letters are capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

*   **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
    
*   **Affiliate** means an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
    
*   **Application** refers to Rheosoft OBD2, the software program provided by the Company.
    
*   **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to the publisher of Rheosoft OBD2.
    
*   **Country** refers to: California, United States
    
*   **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cell phone or a digital tablet.
    
*   **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
    
*   **Service** refers to the Application.
    
*   **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
    
*   **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
    
*   **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
    

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

When accessing this service, no personal data is collected or used.

*   Usage Data

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device's unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

### Use of Your Personal Data

We don't collect or use Personal Data.

We will never share Your personal information.

### Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will never retain Your Personal Data.

The Company will retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.

## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

*   By email: chicagozer@gmail.com
